 **IMPROVEMENT**

<hr>Improvement 1:</hr>

**Current:** Only Dark mode is available in application.

**Requested:** Add Light theme. 

Option should be in tab 'Profile', in right top corner when user click
on '≡' (≡ is part of improvement 3) there should be listed option 'Dark
mode' and when user click on 'Dark mode' user can choose 'On' and 'Off'.
Off will be for Light mode.

**Reason:** Light mode can display information in a clearer and more
visual way than Dark mode. Visual performance tends to be better with
light mode. 

<hr>Improvement 2:</hr>

**Current:** Only Serbian language is available in mobile application.
On computer user can choose English if wants.

**Requested:** Add English language in mobile application, so user can
choose between Serbian and English. 

Option should be in tab 'Profile', in right top corner when user click
on  '≡' (≡ is part of improvement 3)  there should be listed option
'Language' and when click on 'Language' user can choose between Serbian
and English.

**Reason:** Option for English language should be available for users
who live in Serbia and whose English is first language.

<hr>Improvement 3:</hr>

**Current:** Application has three separated tabs. In tab 'Profile'
there is no quick menu (three horizontal lines ≡) where can be listed
more options.

**Requested:** Add 3 horizontal lines  ≡  in tab Profile at top right
corner. In that navigation menu should be listed options for: 

-    'Language' (Serbian, English), 

-   'Dark Mode' (On, Off), 

-   'Notifications' where user can allow or disable notification (Allow,
    Disable), 

-   'App Info' where user can read about application and how to use
    application, 

-   'Sign Out' where user can sign out from his account.

**Reason:** Navigation menu make the application easier to use, because
all options are visible on the one place.

<hr>Improvement 4:</hr>

**Current:** User can read instructions how to use application only on
Website. On mobile is one very short tutorial after user download
application and log in there. 

**Requested:** Add basic instruction how to use application with text
and screenshots in 'Profile' tab. In right top corner when user click
on  '≡' (≡ is part of improvement 3) there should be listed option 'App
Info'. 

Record and add short videos of how to use each section as well.

**Reason:** Application is user-friendly, so tutorial in written form
can help users to understand better how application works and also with
tutorial we reduce number of users who can delete application because of
lack informations how to use.  Some users doesn't go to website, because
expectations are that everything what website have, application on
mobile will have the same. Maybe users will not understand how
application works if the tutorial is available only at the beggining and
no tutorial to view later. Or if user forgot how application works,
tutorial can remind him.

<hr>Improvement 5:</hr>

**Current:** User can't see own profile as a whole.

**Requested:** Clicking on tab 'Profile' user can see his profile as a
whole. Below the user\'s name should be option 'Edit profile' and when
user click on 'Edit profile' there should be listed all options for
editing.

**Reason:** User should see how his own profile looks for employer.

<hr>Improvement 6:</hr>

**Current:** There is 'dislike' and 'like' symbols when user swipe, but
symbols are at the bottom, they are not visible too much. Also, color of
job's card change to red and green when user swipe left/right, but color
aren't intesive, so It can happen easily that user doesn't see symbols
and color change.

**Requested**: Change position of symbols, put symbols at the top, just
below name of job, center align. Make colors to be more intensive, so
user can see difference (example #c73737 red, #73f12e green).   

**Reason:** For new users can be easier to understand Matching.

<hr>Improvement 7:</hr>

**Current:** There is no Contact Form for users.

**Requested:** Add Contact Form.

 In 'Profile' tab, in right top corner when user click on  '≡' (≡ is
part of improvement 3) there should be listed option 'App Info' (App
Info is part of improvement 4). 

There will be tutorials. At the end of that page (after tutorials)
should stand Contact Form.

**Reason:** If users want to contact MatchIT team and ask about
application or if users want to leave feedback, Contact Form can be very
helpful.
